Prepare new release v0.9.0(Fellowship) (#2995)
ChainSafe/forest: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking

### Added

### Changed

### Removed

### Fixed

## Forest v0.9.0 "Fellowship"

Notable updates:

- `--compressed` option removed from CLI, snapshots are now always compressed.

> - Snapshot ops are removed, snapshots are fetched to current directory by
>   default.

Reviewer: Maybe something a little more explicit:
```suggestion
- The `dir`, `list`, `prune` and `remove` snapshot commands have been removed from the CLI.
- Snapshots are fetched to current directory by default.
```

Author: changed
